Add an endpoint for single news post (#4372)
digitalfabrik/integreat-cms: docs/src/api-docs.rst

   }

News
====

Get all news posts from all available sources

REQUEST
~~~~~~~

.. code:: http

   GET /api/v3/{region_slug}/{language_slug}/news/ HTTP/2

Response
~~~~~~~~

.. code:: javascript

   [
      {
         "id": String,                          // The id of the news
         "title": String,                       // The title of the news
         "message": String,                     // The content of the news
         "timestamp": String,                   // Date of last update, will be deprecated
         "last_updated": String,                // Date of last update
         "display_date": String,                // Date of publication or last update, of which later
         "channel": String | null,              // The channel of the push notification, null for external news

>          "available_languages": String |null,   // Languages in which a translation of the news is available

Reviewer: returns a dict

Author: You mean "available_languages"?

   }

News
====

Get all news posts from all available sources

REQUEST
~~~~~~~

.. code:: http

   GET /api/v3/{region_slug}/{language_slug}/news/ HTTP/2

Response
~~~~~~~~

.. code:: javascript

   [
      {
         "id": String,                          // The id of the news
         "title": String,                       // The title of the news
         "content": String,                     // The content of the news
         "last_updated": String,                // Date of last update
         "display_date": String,                // Date of publication or last update, of which later
         "channel": String | null,              // The channel of the push notification, null for external news
         "available_languages": [               // The available languages of the push notification
               "<language_slug>": {
                  "id": String | null,          // The id of the translation
               },
               ...
            ],

>          "source": String,                      // The source of the news ('local', 'tu-news' or 'amal-news')

Reviewer 2: comment say `tu-news`, it`s actually `tuNews`. it's just a comment, but we should try to keep these accurate

Author: Updated ✏️

         "externalUrl": String,                 // The link to the news
      }
   ]

Single News
===========

Get a single news

REQUEST
~~~~~~~

.. code:: http

   GET /api/v3/{region_slug}/{language_slug}/news/{news_id}/ HTTP/2

Response
~~~~~~~~

.. code:: javascript

   {
      "id": String,                          // The id of the news
      "title": String,                       // The title of the news
      "content": String,                     // The content of the news
      "last_updated": String,                // Date of last update
      "display_date": String,                // Date of publication or last update, of which later
      "channel": String | null,              // The channel of the push notification, null for external news
      "available_languages": [           // The available languages of the push notification
            "<language_slug>": {
               "id": String | null,           // The id of the translation
            },
            ...
         ],

>       "source": String,                      // The source of the news ('local', 'tu-news' or 'amal-news')

Reviewer 2: same as above, should be `tuNews`

   }

News
====

Get all news posts from all available sources

REQUEST
~~~~~~~

.. code:: http

   GET /api/v3/{region_slug}/{language_slug}/news/ HTTP/2

Response
~~~~~~~~

.. code:: javascript

   [
      {
         "id": String,                          // The id of the news
         "title": String,                       // The title of the news

>          "message": String,                     // The content of the news

Reviewer 3: 🤔 Could we perhaps also update this to `content` to keep it consistent with other endpoints?

>          "timestamp": String,                   // Date of last update, will be deprecated

Reviewer 3: Since its a new endpoint, you could just remove this already

Author: Do you mean "timestamp"?
It is not needed anymore in `news` and `news<id>`?

Reviewer 3: In this endpoint it would not be needed since it is new. However, for the `fcm` endpoint we still need it, so if it is easier to just keep it in both places thats okay as well.

         "last_updated": String,                // Date of last update
         "display_date": String,                // Date of publication or last update, of which later
         "channel": String | null,              // The channel of the push notification, null for external news
         "available_languages": [               // The available languages of the push notification
               "<language_slug>": {

>                   "id": Number | null,          // The id of the translation

Reviewer 3: 🤔 Shouldn't this also be the stringified id?
```suggestion
                  "id": String | null,          // The id of the translation
```

               },
               ...
            ],

>          "source": String,                      // The source of the news (push news, Tü News, Amal News)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
         "source": String,                      // The source of the news ('local', 'tu-news' or 'amal-news')
```
